README.md, before:

<br/>
<p align="center">
  <h3 align="center">The Resistance: Coup</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A text-based version of the popular party game!
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a href="https://github.com/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup/total) ![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup?color=dark-green) ![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup) ![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup) 

## About The Project
<p align="center">
    <img src="assets/coup_game.png" alt="Coup Game" width="300"/>
</p>


This is a terminal text-based version of [The Resistance: Coup](https://www.ultraboardgames.com/coup/game-rules.php#google_vignette). I suggest you make yourself familiar with the rules before playing!

In a nutshell:

* You have some character cards representing government officials you have influence over.
* You can perform actions to sabotage other players and reduce their influence (i.e. remove their cards)
* The last person with any cards left is the winner!

The main package to mention here is [Rich](https://github.com/Textualize/rich). It was instrumental in making it as pretty as possible on the terminal!

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

* This project is built on Python 3.11.
* The packages are maintained with [poetry](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry).

### Steps to get playing

1. Clone the repo

```sh
git clone https://github.com/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup.git
```

2. Install the game

```sh
poetry install
```

3. Set up environment variables

```sh
touch .env
```

And place your OpenAI API key as `OPENAI_API_KEY=your_key_here`.

4. Launch!

```sh
python coup.py
```

## Usage

![Screen Shot](assets/game_state.png)

* When the game starts it will ask your name.
* You will play against 4 other AI players.
* The game will continue until there is a winner (or if you lose you can force a restart...)
* You can play again after winning/losing.

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.
* If you have suggestions for adding or removing projects, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup/issues/new) to discuss it, or directly create a pull request.
* Please make sure you check your spelling and grammar.
* Create individual PR for each suggestion.

### Local setup for development
After you have cloned the repo:

1. Install the game

```sh
poetry install
```

2. Set up the pre-commit hooks

```sh
pre-commit install
```

3. Make your changes on a branch and create a PR!


### Creating A Pull Request

1. Clone the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/dirkbrnd/Resistance Coup/blob/main/LICENSE.md) for more information.

## Acknowledgements

* [Aaron Yuan](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aaron-yuan-776312a5/) for the inspiration!

Commit message:

refactor: Add agent architecture documentation

README.md, after:

<br/>
<p align="center">
  <h3 align="center">The Resistance: Coup</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A text-based version of the popular party game!
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a href="https://github.com/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup/total) ![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup?color=dark-green) ![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup) ![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup) 

## About The Project
<p align="center">
    <img src="assets/coup_game.png" alt="Coup Game" width="300"/>
</p>


This is a terminal text-based version of [The Resistance: Coup](https://www.ultraboardgames.com/coup/game-rules.php#google_vignette). I suggest you make yourself familiar with the rules before playing!

In a nutshell:

* You have some character cards representing government officials you have influence over.
* You can perform actions to sabotage other players and reduce their influence (i.e. remove their cards)
* The last person with any cards left is the winner!

The main package to mention here is [Rich](https://github.com/Textualize/rich). It was instrumental in making it as pretty as possible on the terminal!

## Architecture of the Multi-Agen System

See [architecture.md](architecture.md) for a detailed breakdown of the system.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

* This project is built on Python 3.11.
* The packages are maintained with [poetry](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry).

### Steps to get playing

1. Clone the repo

```sh
git clone https://github.com/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup.git
```

2. Install the game

```sh
poetry install
```

3. Set up environment variables

```sh
touch .env
```

And place your OpenAI API key as `OPENAI_API_KEY=your_key_here`.

4. Launch!

```sh
python coup.py
```

## Usage

![Screen Shot](assets/game_state.png)

* When the game starts it will ask your name.
* You will play against 4 other AI players.
* The game will continue until there is a winner (or if you lose you can force a restart...)
* You can play again after winning/losing.

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.
* If you have suggestions for adding or removing projects, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/dirkbrnd/resistance_coup/issues/new) to discuss it, or directly create a pull request.
* Please make sure you check your spelling and grammar.
* Create individual PR for each suggestion.

### Local setup for development
After you have cloned the repo:

1. Install the game

```sh
poetry install
```

2. Set up the pre-commit hooks

```sh
pre-commit install
```

3. Make your changes on a branch and create a PR!


### Creating A Pull Request

1. Clone the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/dirkbrnd/Resistance Coup/blob/main/LICENSE.md) for more information.

## Acknowledgements

* [Aaron Yuan](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aaron-yuan-776312a5/) for the inspiration!
